Son of a bitch.
Wait a minute.
You see it?
Really? Where?
I don't, can't see anything.
- There.
- Ah, shit.
I thought you fixed it.
I thought I had.
Yeah, well, that's
why we test it.
It is much better.
Look at the place.
You trashed the joint.
Yeah, they've been riding us
on environment interaction.
Huh. Pretty good
if you ask me.
Thanks. It isn't
easy.
Glitchy shit.
This is gonna take a while.
I'll find a fix and let you know
when we're good to test again.
Thanks, Hana.
Anytime.
And don't forget
to send us your invoice.
I'll make sure it
gets paid on time.
Hey, Hana?
Yeah?
You entering this year?
Maybe show those
squeakers who's boss?
Heard the prize
pool's gone up too.
The tournament? And
have my ass kicked again?
Yeah, wouldn't miss
it for the world.
Well actually guys, if
you would pay me more,
I wouldn't have to.
Well, you came close last time.
Yeah, thanks, Alex. We'll see.
Ciao, ciao.
Who is it?
Delivery.
The delivery instruction says-
- Yeah, I know-
- Says-
There's no one
home up there, are there?
This is your address, right?
And I need a signature.
I don't want, I
don't, I don't want it.
Are you
kidding? It's from CNEX.
I mean, I'll keep
it if you want.
- Wait-
- Look lady-
Just, uh... I got other
shit to deliver.
I can't just hang
around here all day.
Just leave it there.
Leave it all and go.
Stand in the stairwell
or something.
What? Uh, no,
I'm not gonna do that.
Please.
I'll be quick and, and
you'll get your signature.
Shit.
Whatever.
Okay.
Okay. I'm going.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
You can do this.
Come on lady.
I haven't got all day.
When can I run the test?
Why are you scared?
I'm, I'm not.
Can you let me in?
I can't.
Are we done here or what?
No. Wait.
Hey, uh, I
thought those weren't out yet.
Suit yourself. Have fun.
I will.
I got it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
I'll wait for you.
Okay. Bye.
Coming.
Okay!
Jen?
Ah! It is I!
The outside world
come to get you.
Whooo.
You took your time, gee.
Some of us have real jobs.
But I brought food.
You know, shopping.
Should try it sometime.
Is that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Sweet!
You haven't...?
- Mm-mm.
- Oh, it's so cool.
Had to wait for you.
Wouldn't be the same otherwise.
Shall we?
Let's.
Okay.
Ooh, wait, shouldn't we,
shouldn't we do
an unboxing video?
You gotta think of
the hits, you know?
Uh-uh. Full embargo until
the official lunch date.
But that's months away.
I know, but it's all mine.
Okay.
Here we go.
- Cool.
- Mm-hmm.
- So what does it do?
- No idea.
Man, there nothing
else. Not even stickers.
No instructions.
Hmm.
So we've got to log in.
- Oh.
- Great.
Why you, anyway?
They want some pro gamers
to test it before the launch.
Push it to limits, check for
bugs, that sort of thing.
Yeah, but not the top gamers.
'Cause a bad review
from one of them
and it'll be dead upon arrival.
Whereas the has-been like you...
Whatever, dude.
I got one so it gives me an
edge over the others, I'm in.
Whatever it does.
Hello, Hana.
Oh.
Uh, hi?
Please place
the device on your head.
The power button
faces the rear.
What?
- Um, sure.
- Please place the device
on your head.
The power button faces the rear.
Welcome to the CNEX Omnia.
Calibration has begun.
The Omnia is, in part, an
electroencephalography device.
Using neuroimaging it will learn
to read, measure,
and decode characteristic
patterns of your brain.
Huh?
The image you see on screen
is a real-time recording
of your brain activity.
Shit. It's reading your mind.
Shh. I'm trying to listen.
The Omnia is a
brain-computer interface.
Yeah, there we go.
Capable of controlling
every device, game,
and program you use.
What?
- In time-
- Did you hear that?
It will have read your mind-
Hear what?
Before you're
even aware of the thought.
Your reaction time will
effectively reduce to zero.
I can hear it,
it's in my head.
This program
- No way!
- Includes exercises-
- Yeah!
- No.
That will help
the calibration process.
We recommend completing
- It's back?
- Yeah.
The full exercise program
before attempting
to use the Omnia
in conjunction with
other programs.
Once calibrated, the device
will work for you and you alone.
Hey, I don't care.
I need a go.
No way. No.
Oh, typing. Cool.
So I made you enough to keep
you going for a few days.
Thanks, babe.
How long you gotta
keep that up for?
Typing? No idea.
I looked up
what an
electro-sepha-thingma-jiggy is.
Electroencephalography.
Yeah, that thing-amy
on your head.
They use it to diagnose epilepsy
and monitor coma
patients and stuff.
Oh yeah. Like it
said, brain activity.
So it'll be an uphill
battle with you then.
I mean, you could
be here for days.
Amazing.
CNEX does it again.
So what's it doing? Checking
that you know the alphabet.
Do you know the alphabet?
Hey, if that thing does
speed up your reaction time,
imagine what it would
do for someone younger
and, you know, let's
face it, cooler than you.
Maybe you should give it to me.
- Uh...
- What?
Oh wow. Congratulations, Hana.
You've moved on to B, I'm
so very pleased for you.
- No, I'm just-
- Should really eat something.
Whoa. Did you see that?
- What?
- I'm typing.
- Bravo. So amazing.
- Okay, shut up
and watch this.
Wait, how did you do...?
Come on, admit
it. It's so cool.
I mean, this is fucking amazing.
Okay, okay. You got me.
I guess I'll put this
in the fridge, shall I?
"No, Jen. It looks
delicious, Jen.
Let's sit down and eat
like civilized people.
What would I do
without you, Jen?"
Probably starve to death.
I'll get it.
Hana, you're,
you're behind on your rent.
Go away. No one's home.
Jen. Where's
Hana?
I know she's In there.
- She's busy.
- Doing what?
Okay, look, she'll have your
money, you geriatric asshole.
Just pay some, please.
Hana, I've got
tomorrow off as well.
Let me know if something
interesting happens.
I'll come down.
Do you wanna lock up behind me?
Oh. Yeah, sure.
Shit. The building.
Okay.
During calibration, we recommend
wearing the device at all times.
One, two, three.
The more you wear the Omnia,
the faster it will learn
and better understand
your instructions.
Four, five, six.
Each calibration
exercise in this program
is unique and designed
to stimulate specific
cognitive, corporeal, -
Seven, eight
- And subliminal-
- Nine.
- Parts of your mind.
- Ten.
Your neural reaction
time is slowing, Hana.
The CNEX Omnia recommends rest
before continuing
with calibration.
Jen?
Yes, of course. Quitter.
Yeah. Bed time.
It's
me. Are you there?
Why can't you play with me?
What about other kids?
There's no
other kids in the building.
When I was your age,
my mom wouldn't let me
play outside either.
Why not?
She was afraid
something might happen to me.
What did you do?
I got good at playing on my own.
- Games?
- Mm-hmm.
What kind of game?
"Tetris" mostly.
Played it for hours,
days, game after game.
Even in my sleep.
Endlessly falling
faster and faster till,
until you start again.
A new game every time.
It's the only dream I have
that's no different to reality.
Exactly the same as sleep
as it is when I'm awake.
I still dream of "Tetris,"
you know. I love that game.
Do you know what "Tetris" is?
I can lend it to
you if you like.
Are you there?
Hm.
Hi, Dad.
You do know I have a life
outside this apartment, right?
I said call me if something
interesting happens.
Playing catch is not
interesting, you know?
It's never been interesting.
The exercise is interesting.
It's about hand and eye
coordination, reflexes,
depth perception, anticipation.
It's complicated
stuff. Amazing, huh?
Suppose so, but
it's not much fun.
I mean, you invite me,
into your bedroom no less,
to play with your balls
and this is what I get.
Hey! Watch the face.
Oh, poor, poor Jen.
Would some music help, you know,
to get you in the mood?
Not your music.
Okay, fair enough. Yours then.
Let's see what's in
your playlist, shall we?
Nice!
How did you...?
I think a little more volume.
Babe, you do have
good taste of music.
Damn right, I do.
- Do it.
- Are you freaking nuts?
You said you wanna do
something interesting.
Come on. I need your help.
Shit, Hana, I'll get your
food, I'll get your mail,
I'll even take out your trash.
But this, can't
you just skip it?
Are you being a chicken?
Are you afraid of
a little blood?
Jesus, Hana.
Come on. Just
enough to draw blood.
No, I'm out.
Jen, please. I need this.
I'm sorry, Hana,
but this is crazy.
Okay? You're on your
own with this one.
Congratulations, Hana.
You have completed
the exercise program.
That was it?
Calibration is complete.
The Omnia will continue
to learn from and
work with your mind.
Soon it will become
second nature to you.
You may even forget it's there.
But remember, the Omnia
is with you always.
Round one.
Cybernetics ready.
Ha!
Hana!
Are you there at all?
Look, I'm working on it.
It's just, you
wouldn't understand it.
You'll have it soon.
You said that days ago.
Well, Jen said...
That was just one
day ago, wasn't it?
Hana.
You'll have it next
week. You'll have it.
Next week, Hana.
Next week or you're out.
Oh, by the way, which apartment
does that girl live in?
She, she looks like
five, maybe six.
I wanna lend her something.
Hey Jen, would you, would
you mind coming over?
No, no, it's fine.
Morning is fine.
Hey, I'm sorry for,
I'm sorry.
Thanks. See you in the morning.
You don't think
you're taking this
too seriously, do you?
Nah, I ran a diagnostic.
It can run faster.
It's just-
Faster?
So this tournament is my
chance to make some real money.
The prize money for
this one is 250 grand.
Yeah, but what's the rush?
There'll be others,
right? More money even.
Yeah, but once
the testing is done,
and CNEX launches the Omnia,
every button-masher out
there will have one.
Screwdriver, please.
- Huh?
- There.
Oh.
I'll take that.
So I must earn all I can
while, well, while I can.
And I have it all to myself, so.
Isn't that kind of cheating?
I've checked the
conditions of entry
and there's nothing out there
that says anything
about using it.
Well why would it?
The Omnia hasn't
even been released.
Exactly.
That should do it.
Faster, faster, faster.
Okay. The tournament
starts in six hours.
Exciting.
You know what else is
totally legit and above board?
Placing a little bet on someone
you might call a has-been.
Someone who you might get
more than generous odds on.
Maybe it's someone you
help out all the time.
Someone who actually
wants to repay the favor.
You're not suggesting that, moi?
- Oh, yes, I am.
- Okay.
And how much might one think
to place on such a has-been,
should I know of one?
How much you've got?
Yes!
Oh, come on, come on.
Good, hey?
Good!
There you go!
Oh, that was easy.
The fucking king!
Muah. Thank you.
Fucker never had a chance.
Oh! The tournament is on.
Okay, so there is victim one.
I think I'm gonna buy a car.
You can't drive.
Details. Details.
And then I'm gonna
buy you a new sofa.
Oh, that's sweet.
It's not for you.
Also some new shoes.
What are you gonna do?
Uh, I'm gonna pay the rent.
Exotic.
Hey, for the rest of the year.
Maybe even more.
Oh, shit.
Hey are using my wifi again?
No, Mom.
Hmm. Because I just-
What?
Jesus, Hana. You gave
me a heart attack.
What the hell?
Did you see that?
See what?
Did you see the fucking screen?
No.
W- wha-w-what, what
are you talking about?
I didn't see anything.
Hana?
Um.
Hana, Hana, talk to me.
Okay, um, I need a break
and you finish it, okay?
- Me? No, I-
- Just, just play the game.
- I-
- Play the game!
Hana.
Hana!
Of course I'm not
gonna freaking win.
Hana!
Yeah, well so I didn't win.
It's okay.
You still did enough to
qualify for the next round.
Might work in our favor.
Better odds and stuff.
It's not my fault.
You know, more of a "Mario
Kart" kind of gal.
Got a thing for plumbers.
Still, think I
could kick your ass.
Hana, are you okay?
Hana? I'm here, you know.
I talked to that girl.
She said her mom
wouldn't play with her.
Never seen any children
in this building.
Exactly.
You know, maybe her mom's...
What? And she wants
you to play with her?
Like, that's so much better.
What's this gotta do with
crashing outta the game?
I mean, one, you were
winning, by the way.
Ow!
A game.
It's not my fault, you know?
No?
No.
It's genetic mostly.
And environmental factors.
I've got my bases covered.
Your dad was agoraphobic
too? You've never told me.
No. No.
It was my mom.
Your mom never
left the apartment?
No.
And after she,
all I've had was the games.
They helped me forget.
And now?
And now, look at me.
I'm here just like her.
Unable to leave.
You can, you know.
I'd help you.
If you want me to
just open the door and walk out.
I'd be with you every step.
It's shit out there.
The world sucks
and everyone in it,
but there are good bits too.
We all do it every day.
Not everyone.
Hana, are you okay?
Mm. Mm.
Have you even slept?
Yeah. I think so.
I can do it. Just one more
round and then the final.
You sure?
I'll watch from work.
The game or your bank balance?
My bank balance. Probably.
- I gots to go.
- Mm.
Shit.
Sorry.
You know you could.
It's not fear, babe.
Ciao.
See you.
Jen, is that you?
This is not funny.
Hello?
It's me.
- Hi.
- What are you playing?
I thought you were...
Just stay there, okay?
I've got something
for you. It's a game.
You can borrow it if you like,
but you've got to
promise to give it back
if you borrow it, okay?
Hey?
Hello?
Hey!
Hey, it's not a game.
I just wanna lend you...
Hey?
No! No, No!
No, like I told the other guy,
I just wanna know if other
testers they, you know,
they said anything about
side effects or something?
No, it's, it's working
great. It's amazing.
It's just...
Yes, I've ran the diagnostic
like three times now.
I mean, are you sure?
Is that, is it all you can...?
No, um, no.
I've got a, mm-hmm, mm,
listen, I'm using it now.
It's, it's fine. I'm sure.
No, no. I do not
wanna send it back.
Um, I need, it, look, it's fine.
I'm sure it's working just
fine and everything is...
Yes.
Uh-huh, uh-huh. Sure.
Yeah, thank you. You too.
Fucking asshole.
Victory!
Oh.
How did you get in?
We've always been here.
Don't be scared.
This is too easy.
Oh shit. Hana,
you're killing it.
Oh my God. You're
so freaking close.
You've got him. You've got him.
You've got him.
Oh my God. Yes, Hana.
You've done it.
Jen, Jen, Jen?
Jen! Oh my god.
Jen, I won.
I, I won the whole
fucking tournament.
Jen?
Christ, you missed it.
Where are you?
Jen?
Jen, come on. What are
you doing in there?
I won. We need to celebrate.
Jen?
I'm coming in
and you better not be doing
what I think you are... doing.
The fuck?
Omnia, are you there?
C- can you hear me?
Hello, Hana.
Are you doing this?
Showing me that?
The Omnia is a tool.
It will only do
what you ask of it.
It is all you, Hana.
Yeah?
- Hey, I received the payment.
It's what I owe you, Right?
Thanks, Hana.
Hey, um, have you seen Jen?
No, I don't think so.
She left her stuff here
last night and I'm...
Well, if I
see her, I'll let her know.
Cool.
Jesus, Jen. Where are you?
I was supposed to
be sad, and I was,
but I got more from my
mom than I'd ever before.
That was the happiest
year of my life.
We were so close.
It was special.
We were alone together.
And I liked it.
I liked being together.
Even when we couldn't
leave anymore.
She fed me first, always
made sure I was okay.
In the end, she, Mom didn't...
Stickers
Jen.
Shit.
Jen, where are you?
Hana.
Jen. God, where you been?
You're so wet.
I can help. Wait here.
Wait here.
I'm calling.
What have you done?
I'm calling it...
Jen?
You are using it.
You are using it to
get into my head.
You are doing this.
You are controlling me.
No, no.
No more.
I have to get out of here.
Okay.
You can do it.
Jen is just upstairs.
One flight and you'll be there.
Apartment 808. She'll be home.
She'll be home.
Just open the door, walk out.
Jen?
How long have I been here?
You can do it, you can do it
Get away.
Jen? Jen?
What's...?
Hello, Hana.
Welcome to the Omnia.
It's the only dream I have
that's no different to reality.
Exactly the same asleep
as it is when I'm awake.
Game after game,
endlessly falling faster
and faster till...
Mom.
Please.
You have to let me leave.
Mom. Mommy, please.
Why did you kill Jen? Why?
Mom, Mom!
Please, please don't
hurt anyone else.
Police!
I'll stay with you.
I promise.
Police!
Open the door.
I'll stay with you. Please.
Open the door, ma'am.
Have you seen Jennifer Lewis.
Do you know where she is?
Speak to us, ma'am.
All I had was the games.
They helped me forget.
But now I'm here.
Just like her, unable to leave.
I'll check the other rooms.
It's her. At least
I think it is.
Let's take her in.
I'll secure the site.
No! No, no, no, no, no!
What are you doing?!
No, you can't! Leave
me here!
No! Don't let them take me!